[DOC-1398] Document Oracle/MySQL offline deprecation (#32625)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/yugabyte-voyager/install-yb-voyager.md

- RHEL 8, 9
- CentOS 8
- Ubuntu 18.04, 20.04, 22.04

> - macOS (for deprecated MySQL/Oracle source databases on macOS, [install yb-voyager](#install-yb-voyager) using the Docker option. MySQL and Oracle offline migration will no longer be supported after October 13, 2026.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- macOS (for MySQL/Oracle source databases on macOS, [install yb-voyager](#install-yb-voyager) using the Docker option. Note that MySQL and Oracle migration is deprecated and will no longer be supported after October 13, 2026.)
```
